Release 1.39.0.0 (#6757)
IntersectMBO/plutus: plutus-ledger-api/CHANGELOG.md

<a id='changelog-1.39.0.0'></a>
# 1.39.0.0 — 2024-12-20

> ## Added
> 
> - New data-backed versions of multiple types in the ledger-api. These can be found in the `.../Data/` directories.
> 
> - New data-backed versions of multiple modules in the ledger-api. These can be found in the `.../Data/` directories.
> 
> ## Changed
> 
> - The `ScriptContext` type from `PlutusLedgerApi.Data.V3` is now fully data-backed.
> - All types contained in the data-backed version of the `ScriptContext` are also now data-backed, except `Maybe` and `Bool`.
> 
> - The `ScriptContext` type from `PlutusLedgerApi.Data.V2` is now fully data-backed.
> - The `ScriptContext` type from `PlutusLedgerApi.Data.V1` is now fully data-backed.
> - All types contained in the data-backed versions of the `ScriptContext` are also now data-backed, except `Maybe` and `Bool`, and for `V1` `(,)`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Added

- New data-backed versions of multiple modules in the ledger-api. These can be found in the `.../Data/` directories.

## Changed

- The `ScriptContext` types (`V1`, `V2` and `V3`) are now fully data-backed, meaning that all types contained in the data-backed version of the `ScriptContext` are also data-backed, except `Maybe` and `Bool`.
- In the case of the `V1` script context, in addition to `Maybe` and `Bool`, the pair type `(,)` is also kept as a SoP.

```
